Install mimalloc an all images (#127)
home-assistant/docker-base: README.md

The image include [S6-Overlay](https://github.com/just-containers/s6-overlay), [Bashio](https://github.com/hassio-addons/bashio) and [TempIO](https://github.com/home-assistant/tempio).

## Mimalloc

> We support on our platforms mimalloc. On application which you want enable it, set as envoriement `LD_PRELOAD="/usr/local/lib/libmimalloc.so"` on your Dockerfile or before you start the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support on our platforms mimalloc. On the application which you want to enable it, set as environment `LD_PRELOAD="/usr/local/lib/libmimalloc.so"` on your Dockerfile or before you start the application.
```
